Chairperson Zhou, are you mistaken?
The peerless double pride of the Chinese music scene, Chairperson Zhou
To do this to an unknown little person
What kind of nerve is this transmission?
A music godfather like Zhou Dong
Also in front of the fan
Can't he
He is the little boss of a folk music store
How could he be a big shot?
Whether he is an adult or not
Ancestral identity
You people are also not qualified to judge
Wait, I know when you were in the country
But you have to think about it.
For this nameless person
To crush our entire entertainment industry
To support his identity
Aren't you afraid that everyone will disagree?
Mr. Xu
You mean my bullying you?
Do I know
Chairperson Zhou
You're going to openly oppose our entire Chinese-American orchestra
To raise this flying waste
The Rising Stars Finals are about to begin
I'll ask in person then.
How did they teach you?
Mr. Xu should guide you and these people first
Sorry Mr. Zhou
This surnamed Zhou is too ignorant of praise
Relying on Van's guidance to him
He single-handedly took him back to the leader of the Chinese music scene
The character even has Mr. Xu's face
Autumn horse fork
You still don't believe that you dare not marry Mr. Xu
This Zhou and Yun always think about cooking
You say this cooks
Not really a big deal
Big shots wait for two shifts to pay
Our global entertainment presence in China
Become the only forbidden area in the country
When collecting
I'll take him off the clinic
Welcome to the Rising Stars Finals
The stars must be shining on this stage tonight
The first person to own Baiyun Courtyard
Legendary singer
The magic trick is not a snake eye
Wait a minute.
This channel is reserved for the legendary brother god
What kind of god are you?
How dare you retreat on the road